---
title: "Co-simulation of a Road Infrastructure Using Modbus TCP With Unity"
date: 2023-12-10T00:00:00+05:00
draft: false
# github_link: "https://github.com/gurusabarish/hugo-profile"
author: "Diab Khanafer, et al."
tags:
  - Critrical Infrastructure
  - Polytechnique Montreal
  - Co-simulation
  - Modbus TCP
  - Unity
  - ScadaBR
  - Cybersecurity
image: /images/portfolio/INF6103_cosimulation_critical_infrastructure_traffic_lights.png
# description: "This is a des"
toc: 
---
With the modernization of modes of transportation came the automobile, and with it came the road system used by billions of people who rely on it to get from point A to point B as safely and efficiently as possible. From a cyberterrorism perspective, this infrastructure is a prime target, and it is appropriate to question the vulnerabilities that could exist there.

A disruption of confidentiality, integrity, and/or availability, three essential pillars of cybersecurity, could have catastrophic consequences. This is why road infrastructure and its control constitute critical infrastructure that must be studied. Since performing tests on real infrastructure is complex, it is essential to investigate the feasibility of test benches producing repeatable results that are transferable as far as possible to real infrastructure.

This article explores the feasibility of a co-simulation using Modbus TCP and the Unity game engine to test known cyberattacks and observe their impact from an IT security point of view.

## Context 
The viability of the road traffic system is essential for society. This means that without the presence or proper functioning of this system, significant repercussions will impact societal activities, the economy, and the safety of people and property. In particular, significant impacts on confidentiality, integrity, or even the availability of services would be potentially catastrophic.

The resistance of this type of infrastructure, described as critical, is therefore important to validate. While carrying out test attacks on real infrastructure proves to be complex and potentially dangerous, science uses test benches to ensure that flaws are detected and addressed before implementation.
in production of such systems.

This study is therefore carried out to assess the feasibility of deploying a test bench for road networks, with the specific objective of measuring the impacts of cyberattacks.

While the initial intention was to identically reproduce a study proposed by [M. Urdaneta et al.](https://dx.doi.org/10.1007/978-3-030-04537-1_10), the complexity and the impressive quantity of data generated by the SUMO simulation solution did not seem relevant for the sole purpose of validating the feasibility of the test bench.

## Co-simulation and results
You can view the full results of our co-simulation [here](/files/INF6103_cosimulation_critical_infrastructure_traffic_lights.pdf) (in French, not translated yet).